docs(ROCm systems profiler): Creating Systems profiler overview doc (#9862)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/docs/conceptual/data-collection-modes.rst

.. tip:: Start with a flat profile to identify high-impact functions, then use a hierarchical profile to analyze critical paths.

.. _data-collection-modes-output-formats:

Selecting output formats
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Prior to ROCm 7.14, output format was specified using individual flags or environment variables directly. The ``--output-format`` flag (available in ``rocprof-sys-run`` and ``rocprof-sys-sample``) now selects which output format(s) to produce in a single, intuitive option. The selection is authoritative: only the formats you name are produced.

Reviewer: Individual CLI flags existed before 7.14 and still do. `--trace`, `--profile`, etc. are not historical; they are the current alternative to `--output-format` on a given command line.
We can possibly say:

```suggestion
Starting in ROCm 7.14, the `--output-format` option (in `rocprof-sys-run` and `rocprof-sys-sample`) selects which output format(s) to produce in a single option. The selection is authoritative: only the formats you name are produced. The existing individual flags and environment variables remain available; use either `--output-format` or those flags on the same command line, not both.
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 12 28 25 35

   * - Token
     - Output

>      - Legacy CLI flag

Reviewer: Legacy is misleading here.
These flags are not deprecated and still supported.
